jo 18 12 não existe
jo 34 18 não existe
salmos 36 16 não existe
proverbios 1 5 não existe
proverbios 1 25 não existe
proverbios 1 27 não existe
proverbios 2 5 não existe
proverbios 2 7 não existe
proverbios 3 2 não existe
proverbios 3 5 não existe
proverbios 3 25 não existe
proverbios 3 27 não existe
proverbios 4 5 não existe
proverbios 4 22 não existe
proverbios 4 25 não existe
proverbios 5 2 não existe
proverbios 5 22 não existe
proverbios 6 2 não existe
proverbios 6 7 não existe
proverbios 6 22 não existe
proverbios 6 25 não existe
proverbios 6 27 não existe
proverbios 7 2 não existe
proverbios 7 5 não existe
proverbios 7 7 não existe
proverbios 7 22 não existe
proverbios 8 2 não existe
proverbios 8 5 não existe
proverbios 8 7 não existe
proverbios 8 27 não existe
proverbios 9 2 não existe
proverbios 9 5 não existe
proverbios 9 7 não existe
proverbios 10 22 não existe
proverbios 10 25 não existe
proverbios 10 27 não existe
proverbios 11 7 não existe
proverbios 11 22 não existe
proverbios 11 25 não existe
proverbios 11 27 não existe
proverbios 12 2 não existe
proverbios 12 5 não existe
proverbios 12 7 não existe
proverbios 13 2 não existe
proverbios 14 7 não existe
proverbios 14 22 não existe
proverbios 14 27 não existe
proverbios 15 2 não existe
proverbios 15 7 não existe
proverbios 15 25 não existe
proverbios 15 27 não existe
proverbios 16 2 não existe
proverbios 16 22 não existe
proverbios 16 25 não existe
proverbios 16 27 não existe
proverbios 17 2 não existe
proverbios 17 5 não existe
proverbios 17 7 não existe
proverbios 17 22 não existe
proverbios 17 25 não existe
proverbios 17 27 não existe
proverbios 18 2 não existe
proverbios 18 5 não existe
proverbios 20 22 não existe
proverbios 20 27 não existe
proverbios 21 7 não existe
proverbios 21 22 não existe
proverbios 21 27 não existe
proverbios 22 2 não existe
proverbios 22 22 não existe
proverbios 22 27 não existe
proverbios 23 5 não existe
proverbios 24 2 não existe
proverbios 24 5 não existe
proverbios 24 7 não existe
proverbios 25 2 não existe
proverbios 25 5 não existe
proverbios 25 7 não existe
proverbios 25 25 não existe
proverbios 26 2 não existe
proverbios 26 7 não existe
proverbios 27 7 não existe
proverbios 29 2 não existe
proverbios 29 7 não existe
proverbios 29 22 não existe
proverbios 30 7 não existe
proverbios 31 2 não existe
eclesiastes 9 7 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 3 7 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 4 7 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 5 5 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 5 7 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 6 2 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 7 5 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 7 7 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 8 2 não existe
cantico-dos-canticos 8 7 não existe
sabedoria 9 5 não existe
sabedoria 12 7 não existe
eclesiastico 1 7 não existe
eclesiastico 1 32 não existe
eclesiastico 3 22 não existe
eclesiastico 4 2 não existe
eclesiastico 4 7 não existe
eclesiastico 5 2 não existe
eclesiastico 7 27 não existe
eclesiastico 8 7 não existe
eclesiastico 9 7 não existe
eclesiastico 10 7 não existe
eclesiastico 10 22 não existe
eclesiastico 12 2 não existe
eclesiastico 12 7 não existe
eclesiastico 13 27 não existe
eclesiastico 14 2 não existe
eclesiastico 14 5 não existe
eclesiastico 14 7 não existe
eclesiastico 15 7 não existe
eclesiastico 17 2 não existe
eclesiastico 17 5 não existe
eclesiastico 17 7 não existe
eclesiastico 19 2 não existe
eclesiastico 19 7 não existe
eclesiastico 20 2 não existe
eclesiastico 21 7 não existe
eclesiastico 22 2 não existe
eclesiastico 23 22 não existe
eclesiastico 23 25 não existe
eclesiastico 23 27 não existe
eclesiastico 24 2 não existe
eclesiastico 26 2 não existe
eclesiastico 27 2 não existe
eclesiastico 27 7 não existe
eclesiastico 28 5 não existe
eclesiastico 28 7 não existe
eclesiastico 30 22 não existe
eclesiastico 30 25 não existe
eclesiastico 31 7 não existe
eclesiastico 31 22 não existe
eclesiastico 31 25 não existe
eclesiastico 31 27 não existe
eclesiastico 32 7 não existe
eclesiastico 33 5 não existe
eclesiastico 34 27 não existe
eclesiastico 38 22 não existe
eclesiastico 39 2 não existe
eclesiastico 39 5 não existe
eclesiastico 39 7 não existe
eclesiastico 40 22 não existe
eclesiastico 40 27 não existe
eclesiastico 41 2 não existe
eclesiastico 44 7 não existe
eclesiastico 45 5 não existe
eclesiastico 45 27 não existe
eclesiastico 46 2 não existe
eclesiastico 46 5 não existe
eclesiastico 46 7 não existe
eclesiastico 47 7 não existe
eclesiastico 48 2 não existe
eclesiastico 48 7 não existe
eclesiastico 48 25 não existe
eclesiastico 49 2 não existe
eclesiastico 50 5 não existe
eclesiastico 50 7 não existe
eclesiastico 51 5 não existe
eclesiastico 51 7 não existe
eclesiastico 51 22 não existe
isaias 5 2 não existe
isaias 14 7 não existe
isaias 25 2 não existe
isaias 26 2 não existe
isaias 26 7 não existe
jeremias 1 15 não existe
jeremias 18 5 não existe
jeremias 42 4 não existe
ezequiel 2 4 não existe
ezequiel 29 2 não existe
ezequiel 36 23 não existe
sao-mateus 9 34 não existe
filipenses 2 29 não existe
iii-sao-joao 1 3 não existe
